Breadcrumb docs: Adds `description` and `caption` (#832)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/breadcrumb/index.md

---
title: Breadcrumb

> description: A breadcrumb is a type of secondary navigation that reveals the user's location in a website.

Reviewer: We use "application" more than we use "website", so probably good to keep them consistent.

```suggestion
description: A breadcrumb is a type of secondary navigation that reveals the user's location in an application.
```

Reviewer 2: I sense a bit of inconsistency with this description, in a sense that we state it as a definition [a Horse is a mammal that...], whereas in other places we don't mention the component name [a mammal that...]
